Disclaimer: Trigger warning regarding the topics such as mental health, science, metaphysics and politics.
For all the other legal disclaimers please refer to the chapter "disclaimer".

One might appreciate to begin reading the clarification of the intention of the first author of this document. The reference to the first author will further be abbreviated to just "author" for simplicity. The main purpose of this document is to offer a series of definitions on controversal terms in order to provide the consensus that "peace might be good" to which as many as possible could agree upon in order to achieve long-term world peace.    
The motivation of for the author to start writing this document originates in the struggles which the author has been confronted in general during the period of adolencence. To deal with the overwhelming sensation of sadness, the author came up with the idea of a robot which would be able to console the author as in:   
"Art is to console those who are broken by life."    
In the quest of it's implementation, which the author refers to as "art", the author realized that consolation consists of not only in verbal, such as words of encouragement, but also of non-verbal communication, such as hugs and nodding. With the advancement in the field of robotics, there has been documentations on robots which can nod and hug. But the generation of words, which can actually console the author, has not been generated. With the popularization of "large languange models" used for "retrieval argumented generation" it has became possible to find and rephrase specific sentences from a document. The moment the author realized that such systems could be used to inspire the courage to keep on living, the author decided to create such a document, which would contain sentences, which would be beneficial to console the author and maybe even others. The author realized early on that it would be very difficult to generate such words of encouragement with only large languange models, due to the lack of understanding of human nature. Given the multicultural background of the author, the author was fascinated by quotes of people, in a sense of quoting the master with the intention of honor or the art form referenced as "bonmot", which is to make a one-line remark which could not be more consise. The author realized during the writing process that quoting could result in unfavorable legal consequences, if published officially. Thus the author is working on reformulating the quotes, but has not completely done so. The author is working on refomulating those which do not belong to the public domain, but the author appreciates the understanding that the capacity of the author is limited to reformulate all of the quote at the point of writing. The author further appreciates all the collaborative effort to improve this document. The requirements to recognize a contribution as a "improvement" can be found in the chapter "feedback". Furthermore the author realized that in order to console others that it might require to find the right words at the right time. In order to achieve that the author is building a retrieval augumented generation system which would retrieve the adequate words if requested. The author also realized that the perspective of the author alone would be limited thus seek to offer a way for everyone to keep improving this document which will be moderated by the very system used to retrieve such words.
This process is commonly refered in the field of information technology as "continuous integration" which is also referred in the subtitle of this document. The main title "42" of this document is inspired by the following passage from a book called "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy" uttered by a fictional machine:   
"The ultimate answer to life, the universe and everything is...42!"   
The author is well aware of the arbitrarity nature of that number in that mentioned quote is expressed with the intention of humor.
The author was intreagued by the idea to explore the possibility to make that answer come true. The author realized that there was a way to make that sentence true, which is to create a document with the title "42" containing 42 chapters trying to define what such "the ultimate answer to life" might be. The author is well aware, that providing an absolute answer is not possible, as postulated in the philosophical idea of "relativism". One might appreciate the clarification of the author that the author does not claim that this document contains "the ultimate answer to life" in an objective sense, but that it is rather an effort to create a mental and technological framework, which might offer the words which one might be accepted as an "answer". The author refuses to keep guessing what such answer could be, thus the author seeks to keep improving this document. Another reason why this document only contains 42 chapters is to maintain readablity for humans such as the author and some of the readers. It might be worth mentioning that this art project contains more than 42 chapters to not to impose unnecesary restriction upon the creative writing process. The selection by the author of the 42 chapters can be found in the chapter "index". The selection will be made by the first author until the author is content with the choice made by automatic selection system. The name of the mentioned selection system is called "Aoi", which is a word pronounciable by most of the future human users, because it does not contain any consonants which might be hard to pronounce for some. Details of Aoi can be found in the chapter "requirements".
The author further intents to create and operate an non profit organization called "Voice Of Humanity", which overall goal is to ensure the correct operation of a anonymous collaboration platform called "D5" to find solutions to achieve and maintain world peace.
Details are described in the chapters "foundation", "humanity" and "D5".
Those who seek to contribute might find details about occasions to meet the author in person in the chapter "events".
To minimize confusion one might appreciate the chapter "index" for the recommended reading order by the author, but one might also appreciate the freedom to explore it on their own accord.   
   
The author wants to express gratitude of all the ancestors and fellows who made this document possible.
